Chore: update RDBMS setup guide (#1271)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/database/rdbms-from-mac.md

* `(c)` are the contents of your ***public*** key

{{% alert title="Note" %}}
You will need to provide the contents of `(c)` to your Medic contact or RDBMS administrator.  It should start with `ssh-rsa` and end with something that looks like an email address.
{{% /alert %}}

![SSH Commands](ssh-commands.png)

## Connect to PostgreSQL

Copy your public key and provide it to your Medic contact or RDBMS administrator. Your public key is not sensitive and can be shared over slack, github, etc... 

Once the RDBMS administrator has added your public SSH key on RDBMS, the administrator will provide you with login credentials to the SSH server as well as for PostgreSQL. 

> Verify you can successfully connect to to the SSH server with `ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa <user>@rdbms.dev.medicmobile.org -p 33696`. If your setup is correct, you should login to the server and see the prompt of your terminal change to `<user>@rdbms:~$`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify you can successfully connect to to the SSH server with `ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa <user>@<rdbms host> -p <port>`. If your setup is correct, you should login to the server and see the prompt of your terminal change to `<user>@rdbms:~$`
```
